I respect the princess' decision
No likes
It's just a deep feeling
Don't be happy too early, boy
The princess has not yet made a final decision
I'll tell you again.
The princess must be mine
I still say that
Do you deserve it?
Maybe it's still mine
advance
You wait for me.
Something big happened to Shizi
Just got the news
Princess Linglong has caught a bad habit
Already unconscious?
It was fine yesterday
It's too begging to suggest this gets into a vice
Go, you can learn from me to work
Hey, the princess's body is soaked in medicine and returned with a magpie.
There is also my son Da Lei's divine doctor
Treating the princess
You are not allowed in
What are you doing?
This is the mansion
You thought it was your prime minister's palace
Go away, you, you take another step forward
Old can only offend
Your Majesty has a mouth
In addition to the imperial physician in the palace, there is also the Langzhong led by me
No one can go in
Even I can only go back outside the door
How dare you break in?